Following are the instructions to test the midpoint.v module on a ZYBO FPGA, as provided by the course Computer Architecture at Olin College.

In order to test the register, you first need to upload our code to your FPGA, as you did in Lab 0. If you need further reference for the uploading of code, please refer to lab 0 (https://github.com/yjiang0929/Lab0).

Once the code is successfully uploaded, you should not see any LEDs lit. Flip all switches to the off position. From now on, whenever you flip switch 1 to the "on" position, you will be reading in the current value of switch 0 and saving it to the register. The current state of the register is displayed in two halves, which can be accessed using buttons 1 & 2. If you wish to see the least significant digits (most recent four digits), press button 1; if you wish to see the second half press button 2.

In order to fully test our unit, you will be entering three numbers: 11111111, 10101010, and 10010110. For a single digit, you will move switch 0 into the appropriate position indicating the number you want and then flip switch 1 to the "1" position. You should input the desired number from left to right. For the first test (all 1s), you can leave the switch 0 in the 1 position and flip switch 1 eight times. As you flip the switch, you should see additional LEDs lighting from right to left. Before flipping it the fifth time, it is recommended to press button 2 to see the second half of the input. As you continue with the remaining 4 flips, you will see the LEDs light up from right to left again. You can press button 1 to flip back to the first half of the digits, but there will be no significiant difference this time. Now, press button 0 to input 00000000, setting all LEDs back to off.

For the next two tests, copy the procedure from the 1st number, changing switch 0's position as necessary. For 10101010, you should see the same output again for both the first and second half and you should be able to see the alternating lit LEDs march across the LEDs. For the second example, the two different displays should be different, with the first half (button 0) having the middle two LEDs lit once fully input, and the second half having the outer LEDs lit.
